#summary General Server Info

<font face=verdana>

<font color=BLACK>
=_Kappa Ragnarok Online - <font color=00AAFF>Legacy Release_=

----

<font color=BLACK>

== Introduction == 

<font color=RED> KappaRO <font color=BLACK> is a friendly and growing <font color=BLUE> SHR & 3rd Class server.<font color=BLACK> 
<br>Some of our features we're proud to offer our players include:

<font color=PURPLE>
  * Friendly, professional, and experienced staff
  * Custom quests that you won't find anywhere else!
  * A unique, *FREE* public MVP room
  * Senpai staff members to assist new players!
  * A developing set of custom BGM
  * Unique GM Events and ticket exchange system!
  * Dual Class
  * PVP City Maps

<font color=black>
Some futures features include, but are not limited to are:

<font color=green>

  * Housing system (Live in the city!)
  * MVP Room Leaderboard system
  * Unique Gold Room
  * Additional custom quests
  * .. and more!

<font color=black>
<br>
----
== Download Our Client ==
<font color=RED>

*To download the client and play, you must install <a href="http://code.google.com/p/kapparo/downloads/detail?name=Tools.rar&can=2&q=#makechanges">these tools.</a>*

*NOTE that ONLY HAMACHI is necessary at the moment.*

|| <a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/1116263146/KappaRO.part01.rar">Part 1</a> || <a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/3599339798/KappaRO.part02.rar>Part 2</a>||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/3290919250/KappaRO.part03.rar">Part 3</a><br>||
||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/213992141/KappaRO.part04.rar">Part 4</a>||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/2578355139/KappaRO.part05.rar">Part 5</a>||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/4191400513/KappaRO.part06.rar">Part 6</a><br>||
||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/1618599523/KappaRO.part07.rar">Part 7</a>||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/786425912/KappaRO.part08.rar>Part 8</a>||<a href="https://rapidshare.com/files/2743873911/KappaRO.part09.rar>Part 9</a>||

----
<font color=black>
== Meet The Staff ==

<font color = PURPLE>
==== *ADM* kattun ===
<font color =BLACK>
I'm the server administrator!<br>
I've been playing for about two years now, and have been running KappaRO for about a year. Kappa was down from the spring and over the summer, but I'm very happy to bring everything back online under the Legacy Release!

*Server Specs*
  * Latest 3ceam trunk
  * SQL
  * SHR: 100000x100000x100000

I look forward to seeing you online!

 
<font color=FE4400>

==== *GM* KaChan ====
<font color=black>
I'm the head of our GM staff and assistant to Kattun!<br>
Playing Ragnarok for nearly 7 years, I've been a GM on three different servers. I typically play midrate servers. Me and Kattun started Kappa together near the end of last year. I also fulfill administrative duties in Kattun's absence, and I write scripts for the random quests you may see on the road!

Need any help? Don't be shy to ask!<br>
See you there~

<font color=BLUE>
==== *SEN* Kathulhu ====
<font color=BLACK>
I'm a Senpai!<br>
I've been playing RO for about a year, I believe. During that time, I worked alongside KaChan and Kattun as a GM. As a Senpai, I ensure that any new members of KappaRO are welcomed into the game with a helping hand. <br><br>I've been with KappaRO since it's founding, so if you're lost or need assistance with something, don't be afraid to ask questions!
I'll see you when you get there, Comrades!<br><br>
<hr>